<h5>HYPERVISOR</h5> Software on a single physical host computer that creates and manages multiple guest virtual machines. Type 1 (bare-metal) hypervisors run directly on hardware with no host operating system and type 2 hypervisors run on top of a host operating system, such as Linux. See also virtual machine.
<h5>NVF</h5>Network Functions Virtualization. Standard IT virtualization technology that consolidates many network equipment types onto standard-architecture high-volume servers, switches, and storage. NFV involves designing, deploying, and managing network functions in software that can be moved to, or instantiated in, various locations in the network as required, without the need to install purpose-built hardware. Although NFV complements software-defined networking (SDN), NFV can be deployed without SDN and vice versa. See also SDN.
<h5>J-WEB</h5> Graphical Web browser interface to Junos OS on routing platforms. With the J-Web interface, you can monitor, configure, diagnose, and manage the routing platform from a PC or laptop that has Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) or HTTP over Secure Sockets Layer (HTTPS) enabled.
<h5>Service Chains in Contrail</h5> The service chaining feature allows the operator to insert dynamic services to control the traffic between two virtual networks. The service chaining works on a basic rule of next-hop stitching.

<h5>Security Zone</h5>A security zone is a collection of interfaces that define a security boundary. Internal network interfaces may be assigned to a security zone named "trust," and external network interfaces may be assigned to a security zone named "untrust." Security policies are then used to control transit traffic between security zones.
